## Nerves (7/4/20)

What am I to do about these frequent nervous spasms? Yesterday I had to lie twitching for an hour reflecting on regrets, while at the same time musing to myself on the metaphysics of sin, while plotting out a little diagram of the epistemological situation that lets me make such abstractions as "the metaphysics of sin," and so on as far as my abstracting faculties could go given limited time under unfortunate conditions.

## Locquaciousness (7/4/20)

I should write more simply in casual contexts. Not to say that my writing should be simple, but when I write as I do on this site my writing takes on many frills, see entries below. Actually I am more wildly locquacious in casual text communication than in works prepared for the academy.

## Thoughts on Myself as the Child of Civil Servants (7/4/20)

My cop dad and teacher mother together grasp their city as the masculine and feminine arms of the state. As the child of civil servants, I am involuntarily eminently serviceable in any small matter that comes my way. Yet I do not think this quality penetrates me very deeply, and in all important things I adopt a brooding attitude maybe more typical of someone in the ranks of the educated and idle in the nineteenth-century, though certainly lacking refinement like all other characters of the 21st century. Still, whether willing it or not, I subject important matters to an aesthetic standard possessing a hint of aristocratic feeling (fortunately not much more than a hint, lest my Marxist friends come to mistrust me). Perhaps this is itself also a result of being raised by civil servants of my milieu's type of goverment, whose internal symbolic order everywhere leads eventually to a vacancy to be filled by an order of value. (An order ostensibly given by the good will of the public, though few thinking today can believe or pretend that such a public will guides the state, nor that the will that guides the state is good, nor that if such a public will were to guide the state it would be good. A sorry situation for all-- good luck! Though we still tell children things like the above and as a result our young people go through intense phases of disillusioning. Perhaps we could have high schoolers read Strauss for a laugh.)

## Example of "The New Right and Conservatism" (6/12/20)

Offering a provisional example so as to give my generalization a test and see if it holds: the unrest concerning race and policing following the death of George Floyd. The "anti-conservative Democrats": everywhere nodding heads in agreement, then abstract it a bit with talk of "privilege," etc., then explain to your colleagues that with the right PR, #DefundThePolice doesn't have to mean literally *defund* the police... Donald Trump on Twitter says "LAW AND ORDER!" If a character in a schlocky video game encountered a message from the President reading "LAW AND ORDER!" it would be satire too tacky to be honestly funny. (One stoned student says to another: "that's Orwellian, dude...") The intellectual conservative meanwhile looks coldly upon the described spectacle, but while he sadly votes for whomever he has not had a party in decades and will not for decades if at all. Meanwhile, what is "old-school" in the party relative to Trump cannot be said to conserve anything, only to jam and block the development of deeply-engrained principles by forcing them to struggle against each other all the more. I have convinced myself somewhat, but will have to reread this when I am fresh and sober and think of counterarguments.

## A Point of Pride for Me (6/6/20)

One thing I am proud of is a gut that deals with any food willingly and without convulsion. Many can boast a more stable and productive digestive system than me, but they all pay for it with specialism and accordingly closemindedness.

## Two Rights Make a Wrong (5/30/20)

I can think of much better people for my parents to have reproduced with than each other, for the production of optimal people. The thing is I really do mean *optimal* by any popular moral schema of which you can think. Not that I don't have my virtues: to name two, I share with my maternal relatives a quick and airy mental dexterity and with my paternal relatives a basic good-natured simplicity. But then look at how these virtues poison one another! The instincts of a line of humble American farmers have no idea what to do with the skills of the panwestern intelligentsia, and the risk of malformity and monstrosity smiles from every periphery. Meanwhile the "good eye," such a welcome balm in so many contexts, melts away much of what is subtle and discerning about the taste of this intelligensia because it is harsh for reasons that this eye cannot see; at the same time, the eye itself becomes coarse and weary through its overstrain. This as a somewhat self-serving provisional explanation for why I am tense, eccentric, and prone to nervous spasms.

## The New Right and Conservatism (5/23/20)

How can one be both a conservative and a member of the modern American Right, or both a member of the modern American Right and a conservative? Compared to any movement these self-avowed conseratives most highly distrust, the movements they put their weight behind end up conserving nearly nothing. It seems to me that if one wants to look for effective conservatives one should look at today's anti-conservative Democrats, though it seems they are in a troubled state and even at risk of collapse in the coming decade. Back to the topic at hand: from this I draw that those advocating a sincere conservatism are opportunists, dupes, martyrs, or more likely some admixture; and that those advocating an ironic conservatism advocate no sincere conservatism. Then immediately one asks: who and what are our anti-"conservatives"?

## Second Law of Thermodynamics (5/16/20)

I read that "the second law of thermodynamics states that the total entropy of an isolated system can never decrease over time, and is constant if and only if all processes are reversible. Isolated systems spontaneously evolve towards thermodynamic equilibrium, the state with maximum entropy," and that in thermodynamics an *isolated* system is one that is "enclosed by rigid immovable walls through which neither mass nor energy can pass."

Let's work under the principles of experimental verification and falsification. Suppose there existed an isolated system S. Then either we are in S or we are not in S. If we are not in S, then we cannot know about S, for to know about S it would need to emit matter or energy for us to observe, in which case it would not be isolated. If we are in S, then we could never judge that it is isolated, as we would need to have knowledge about the boundary conditions of totality which could only be ascertained from a position outside these boundaries. And who could stand outside these boundaries?

This argument is not intended as anything like a disproof of the second law of thermodynamics, but a problematization of its existential grip in the sense scientists and other Schwarzgeraet experts take existence.
